[Fix] Allow emitting of metrics and traces when ConsumeException is encountered on InstrumentedConsumer (#4433)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.ConfluentKafka/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Fixed an issue on `InstrumentedConsumer` wherein `messaging.receive.duration`

>   and `messaging.receive.messages` metrics are not emitted when `ConsumeException`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue on `InstrumentedConsumer` where `messaging.receive.duration`
  and `messaging.receive.messages` metrics were not emitted when `ConsumeException`
```
